Attribution Info (https://soundimage.org/attribution-info/)
ATTRIBUTION INFORMATION

In order to use my work legally, you are required to credit me in your actual game, video, interactive novel, podcast, etc. Crediting me on the info page on Youtube, Google Play, etc. instead of in the actual video, game, novel, etc. is not sufficient. (The reason is that people often don’t read the information section.)

FOR MUSIC:

If you are using only my music and not that of another artist(s) then your credits screen of your video, game, etc. needs to say:

Music by Eric Matyas

www.soundimage.org

If you are using my music tracks as well as tracks by other artist(s) then you need to identify which tracks are mine and credit me, for example:

“Invasion of the Giant Disco Ants”

“Too Quiet”

“Mayhem”

by Eric Matyas

www.soundimage.org

*If you cannot or do not wish to attribute me for my music tracks, then you will need to purchase a non-attribution license from me for $30 per track. Please contact me at ematyas@aol.com.

FOR SOUND EFFECTS:

Please list my name and website in your credits screen of your game under “Sound effects.”

*If you cannot or do not wish to attribute me for my sound effects, then you will need to purchase a non-attribution license from me for $5 per sound effect. Please contact me at ematyas@aol.com.

FOR TEXTURE IMAGES:

Please list my name and website in your credits screen of your game under “Texture Images.”

*If you cannot or do not wish to attribute me for my texture images, then you will need to purchase a non-attribution license from me for $5 per image. Please contact me at ematyas@aol.com.

FOR GAME ART:

Please list my name and website in your credits screen of your game under “Game Art.”

FOR VIDEO FOOTAGE:

If you are using only my video footage in your project, then in the credits section of your video, then please state:

Cinematography by Eric Matyas – soundimage.org

If you are using my video footage in addition to footage created by yourself or others, then please state:

Additional Cinematography by Eric Matyas – soundimage.org

*If you cannot or do not wish to attribute me for my video footage, then you will need to purchase a non-attribution license from me for $30 per shot. Please contact me at ematyas@aol.com.

FOR PODCASTS:

Please verbally credit me and my website.

FOR ANYTHING ELSE:

Please contact me at: ematyas@aol.com.